<h1> 1. Team name and team members (up to 4 persons/team) </h1>
  <p>Patrik Vahala, Aleksi Eskola, Helena Lähdesniemi and Kalle Hautamäki</p>
2. Application / Use-case
Describe what is your objective application and why you have chosen it. Do you want to be able to
navigate an unknown environment? Perform a synchronized choreography? What else?
3. The system
Describe the system you will build for the selected use-case from the perspective of:
- Robots, computing platforms and other major elements.
- Sensor suites.
- Communication (technologies, network topologies...).
- Algorithms (path planning, mapping, sensor fusion...).
- Data flow (where the data originates, where it is processed, what kind of decision making
is made on each data.
Include at least one diagram or other figure illustrating the different parts of your system.
4. GitHub repo link
5. Background
Explain what you already know regarding your project. Which parts are you most confident that
you can finish successfully? Which parts are the riskiest?
6. Expected challenges and wishes to learn
Explain what you need to investigate to fulfill your project objectives. What do you expect the main
challenges to be? What would you like to learn during the remaining lab sessions that would help
you with your project? For example, any sensors you would like to learn more about? Any type of
algorithm? Any framework or library?
7. Team roles
Define who is doing what. Keep this info updated in your GitHub plan. It will be considered when
grading your project work (it can of course change along the project).
8. Work packages (how is the work going to be divided among team members and in time), with
tentative project schedule.
Explain how the different tasks are divided and who is taking charge of each part (roughly).
These should be more fine-grained than the previous section. Include a simple Gantt chart.
9. Description of final experiment or demonstration.
Explain what you plan to test, in which environment, and what the robots are supposed to do
